---
layout: post
title: Awful...
category: 生活
tags: 
keywords:
description:
---

Maybe all the words record about daily life will use in English.Question why ? Um…perhaps it’s only me could understand my poor Chinese English.

An awful day…

Just wanna send a postcard finding a nearby post office.

After 2:00 pm a little, I came out of the company walking to a bus station.


Wait, wait, still wait… What the hell !!!  Already dealed well on the bus station sign, but where’s the QingPu 5 Bus ? After waiting like an idiot for 30min, got a result, it’s really just kidding me…

Go to the hell,fuck you off !!!

……

……

Alright, Done sending, find a barber shop to have a new hair…

Walk, walk, still walk…

Oh lots of barber shop, ha ha

But all those are tiny.

Never mind, just sit down and got cut…

That’s the second made me sick. Are you really a barber ? And why are you so unhappy ?

Just Cut, cut ,cut without a word, Finally it’s done.

Wo cao !!! You are a genius on switching a handsome man into so ugly.

Negotiations !!! Must Negotiations !!!!!! Answer what ? No? it just can be this, I can’t do more.

You really win me if not having a fight.

Just go…20 yuan !!!

A disaster !!! Absolutely a disaster !!!!!!  Must remember can’t come into a tiny barber shop like this. Holy Crap !!!!!

Then where is a WangBA ? Walking, Finding…  GPSing ?

I had come to WangBA for a countless number, but it’s really the first time that I came into a WangBA that gives me a Shang Ji card and needs my mobile phone number to give me the password by sending a message text…

Wow it’s really high-end, I‘ve never seen the world before…But why I felt so uncomfortably strange ???

One thing left, forget copy the skilled essay to the U disk, crap!!! A pity, next time owing a  smooth Internet speed like this can’t be seen…

 

/*****************************************************************

[Date]           2014.08.02  周六  18:31

[Location]    DiWei WangBA, QingPu Area, Shanghai, China

[Weather]    Small Rainy,  25-28 Degree

*****************************************************************/